welcome to Forgotten tears home for
retired rate bosses mr. Hellscream let
me show you around I think there has
been some kind of mistake
hey Kara would you care to join me for a
round of 1/2 stone I remember you I
don't think we've met
actually in the mountains uh what
mountains oh don't mind him his memory
isn't what it used to be oh good news
everyone I just want another game of
shuffleboard this loss was merely a
setback
shuffleboard oh yes here at forgotten
tears we offer a wide array of
recreational amenities wait till you see
the swimming pool yeah No looks
refreshing I'll have you know people
still kill me regularly for transmog
gear and I give them a run for their
money too oh please
war gleaves of azan off anyone Hey
Deathwing heard you got sold out the
other day shut up blood death Knights
don't count everyone knows that uh how
long do I have to stay here well
assuming you don't fly off the handle
and make some misguided attempt at a
comeback trust me kid it ain't worth it
six years I worked on my physique
learned a ton of new abilities
I even grew legs for crying out loud but
then it all fell apart when I started
working with this guy oh not this again
just let it go will you okay if you'll
follow me this way mr. Hellscream I'll
show you to you okay wait wait wait I
really don't think I belong here I have
big plans to be involved in the next
expansion oh how so well I can um go
back in time somehow and uh stop my dad
from drinking the demon blood okay
yeah but then I'll convince them to go
through the Dark Portal anyway and
attack Azeroth and everyone want to try
to stop them in groups of ten to twenty
five and or 20
you
good work in the mountains nope still
don't get it